# Anexo 1 - Metodologia de trabajo Scrum

We are going to use an Agile workflow based on scrum. Im going to be the developer and my turor is going to be the product owner.

This workflow consists of bi weekly or monthly sprints in wich we are going to be able to stablish the tasks for the sprint. This workflow wont have more meetings than the sprint meetings due to the fact that i'm the only person working on the project, therefore  there is no need to do daily meetings fo stablish or split the work for the day. This is an adaptation of the clasic agile workflow in with we would have daily, sprint and project meetings in wich we would discuss the different aspects of the project.

For this workflow we are going to use the 
-  *Explicar porque no hay dailyes  (es adaptado para solo 1 desarrollador)
- *** Explicar el porque de GitHub
- **** Añadir product backlog inicial

## Sprint 1 (20/09/2023 - 04/10/2023) - 

**Sprint meeting**
  - We stablish the bases of the project and the work methodology, also we stablish a final name and theme.
**Sprint Tasks**
  - Define the basics of the methodology and decide on a interface and a form to aply it
  - Create the github project and create the product backlog

## Sprint 2 (04/10/2023 - 22/11/2023) 

**Sprint meeting**
  - Defining the project objectives and bulletpoints
**Sprint Tasks**
  - Define and finalize the objectives of the project
  - Create the constitution project document.
  - Creation of the project based on Felix's template

## Sprint 3 (22/11/2023 - 05/12/2023) - Introduction and state of the art.

**Sprint meeting**
  - We start discusions about the project information itself and how to make the project´s memory
**Sprint Tasks**
  - Research about the state of the art regarding the different methods of image recognition
**Sprint Retrospective**
  - We revised the progress and we saw that the Introduction was not started and the State of the art was starting to be researched but needed much more development.

## Sprint 4 (05/12/2023  - 19/12/2023 )  - Deeper dive on Image recognition.

**Sprint meeting**
  - We agreed that the state of the art needed more develpement and we set ourselves on the path to research more about it
  - Also we have to stablish the motivations and objectives more clearly and develop a clear explanation of them in the project memory.
**Sprint Tasks**
  - Research of the state of the art (4)
  - Further explanation of the introduction (2)
  - Rellenar las bases de la plantilla
    - Config.yaml (Datos, idioma)
    - Instrucciones en el el pdf del output (anexo1)
    - Enviar esto a sprint 2/1
    - traducir esto a ingles
    - 
**Sprint Retrospective**

## Sprint template ( 19/12/2023 -  )  - Titulo del sprint ( resumiendo el objetivo )  

- **Sprint meeting**
  - Revision del sprint anterior
  - Nuevas tareas
  - Establecer objetivo del sprint
- **Sprint Tasks**
  - Tareas al sprint backlog (Peso)
- **Sprint Retrospective**
  - Burndown Chart del sprint

